Agile task

Question 1.

It differs greatly in that it is essentially the incremental development 
model whereby the production and design of the software is in state of
rapid turn-around development-test-deployment-feedback/review cycle known as 
a 'sprint' which usually take between 2 to 3 weeks per sprint. 

Question 2.

* Individuals and interactions over processes and tools

    Not listening to the client or the end user's input and rather referring to the 
    logic n the code. Where the code or application may eb 100% operational, it does
    not mean it's useful to the end-user.

* Working software over comprehensive documentation

    Documentation can get outdated quicker than the code it is trying to 
    document. The code may also take on a completely different angle or strategy
    rendering the document completely useless. The code takes priority over 
    the paperwork. 


* Customer Collaboration over Contract Negotiation

    If a software company focusses on teh agreement between the client and company 
    more than the job at hand i.e. the agreement states that the company will review
    and update the software package quarterly =when teh client has in reality picked
    up on changes and adaptations that need to happen sooner.

* Responding to change over following a plan

    Initially, the plan was to buy x amount of iPhones. The the tariffs were 
    increased, meaning we would bankrupt ourselves if we continue. Therefore, we
    respond to the change in tariffs by amending the plan and instead.

Question 3.

Agile as a concept involves focussing on the core functionalities that meet the 
requirements of the job at hand, focussing on developing and maximizing a specific 
software solution to meet the requirement, testing the application, deploying it 
getting the user feedback and then incorporating the review back into the build, 
as a 'stripe' cycle,  in a streamlined, efficient and quick turn-around manner. 
The stripe cycle is then replicated with the changes until eventually all the 
metrics of the job at hand have been met. 

Question 4.

Different environments have different variables at play that affect the planning
and development process. The size and scope of use of the software from client
to client also differs dramatically therefore each application needs to be adjusted 
or tailored to fit the needs requirements of each client uniquely.

Question 5.

Testing is important for obvious reasons, the application needs to work. More so,
it helps us understand where the problem is. In a large application, with many 
different units or modules, not knowing where the problem is can cause serious
problems and render the entire application useless. Furthermore, it allows us 
to understand the specification of each unit or module and and thus, the tests 
for each module and what we are trying to achieve, or what teh desired outcome 
is for each test, so that we can implement real world scenarios into each test
and assess whether or not the unit is working.
