Database Task - Answers

Question 1

Data - A collection of raw facts like names, telephone numbers or dates etc
with no coherent meaning unless the data becomes organized or structured.
Field - A character or a group of characters that have a specific meaning
and is used to define and store data.
Record - A logically connected set of one or more fields that describe a 
person, place or thing. 
File - A collection of related records. 

Question 2

A DBMS (database management system), software, or a collection of programmes
which help to manage the database structure, control access to the data stored
in the database and act as an intermediary between the user and the database.
The advantages of using a DBMS include:

*   Allowing the database to be shared amongst a multitude of users, acting as 
    a centralized repository of information for the users. 
*   More efficient access and sharing of data amongst users
*   Improved data integration allowing a wide range of different end users to 
    access the data allowing for a more integrated view of the company's 
    operations to the end user. 
*   Data consistency and integrity. Having a centralized repository allows for 
    data integrity and less scenarios where different instances of the data 
    are represented.
*   Quick access for writing and updating the data.
*   Improved decision making and end-user productivity. Having reliable data 
    available to an organization equates to informed decision making and and 
    increases productivity. 

Question 3

Data are unorganized, unstructured elements of raw facts, such as names, 
telephone numbers for example with no meaning.

Information is when we process the raw data to reveal meaning, or structure it 
in a way to create coherent and logical value to a certain person, place organization
thing. 

Question 4

Metadata is essentially data about data, providing information or descriptions 
about the data or the dataset and may include details such as the author, 
file size, creation date and keywords.

Question 5

e - 4 records
f - 5 fields per record