The software process

Question 1

1 A - Anti-lock braking system software model - Waterfall system.

*   Ensuring that each step of the process is completed. This allows for 
    maximum focus on elements and designs that can impact on the overall
    safety aspects of the final design.
*   Unit testing. Allowing for multiple units to be tested independently to 
    to ensure maximum efficiency and efficacy contributing to the overall
    performance of the design system. 
*   Comprehensive pre-planning, needs analysis and documentation and planning
    blueprints allow for a broad knowledge base that accessible to all 
    members from various departments on the project.
*   Create a foundational framework for improvement and future additions and 
    renditions and updates.


1 B - Virtual Reality Software Maintenance - Incremental Development model

*   Because of the creative and fluid characteristics of software design, 
    virtually any outcome is possible dependent on the requirements of the task
    at hand. Therefore, a fluid and non-rigid model is required to adapt to 
    the software design process as the design process proceeds.
*   As the software updates and changes, so will the requirements to maintain 
    change, and this model offers the flexibility to incorporate these 
    incremental additions as they appear and allow for instantaneous updates
    and inclusions.
*   Allow for user/client feedback in realtime and subsequent updates and 
    improvements leading to a fluid and up-to-date system constantly being 
    tested, evaluated and improved upon. 

1 C - University Account System - Re-use Software Orientated Engineering Model

*   Given that a system exists,  it would be prudent to examine that system 
    evaluate the pro's and con's compared to the new requirements and assess 
    the efficacy in adapting and adding to the existing system vs building a new 
    one from scratch. 
*   Elements that are in-line with the requirements can be included in the 
    re-use phase.
*   Provide familiarity for engineers who worked on the initial version and
    leverage the framework that has already been established. 
*   Save resources by adding to an existing design and expedite the production
    process.

1 D - Interactive Travel Planning Application - Incremental Development model

*   Again, I would opt for the Incremental Development model, mainly because of 
    the high frequency of constant adaptation required when dealing with
    various country's amd all their respective laws and policies which change 
    constantly. 
*   This would mean that having a system that can adapt would make more sense 
    than any of the other proposed models. 

Question 2

Business software solutions will invariably have a larger number of users, 
larger variety of users (managers, admin, accounting, HR, etc...), wider range
of application requirements (IT, finance, communications, media etc...) as well
as having their own unique requirements across the board. It would also be 
important to be able to attain all teh user's real-time feedback to incorporate 
into the design as the build is being developed and allows for business to 
continue while the product is being developed.

Question 3 

Firstly to assess the fit of the original design to the new requirements scope
to see if there are any elements in the current design that will meet the 
needs of the job at hand. Once that has been established, the current components
are then adjusted and modified to meet the requirements from the first step to 
assess if they modification is fulfilling the requirement. 